Changed all instances of k-dev@ and kubernetes-dev@ to dev@kubernetes.io (#6311)
kubernetes/community: events/elections/2021/README.md

If you want to nominate someone else, you may do so, but PLEASE talk to them
first.

> 2. After creating the issue, send an email to dev@kubernetes.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After creating the issue, send an email to kubernetes-dev@googlegroups.com
```
